EVALUATION PARAMETER
PROTOTYPE EVALUATION PARAMETERS:
Code quality

Technology, architecture
Quality and level of code
Algorithms, Web APIs,creativity, logic, framework
Design

User interface
Use of current technologies
Overall usability

Functionality and scalability
Lesser bugs, Collaborative tools, devOps automation
Implementation

Comprehensiveness of the app in terms of functionality and working given the idea/concept.
Evaluation Parameters for Idea Submission:
Your solution will be evaluated based on the following parameters:

Concept
Understanding of the problem being addressed
Background research on existing techniques
Creativity
Novelty and innovativeness of the idea
Maturity of technology used
Impact
Practical usability potential
Viability on a global scale
Implementation
Feasibility and scalability
Complexity and constraints

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Your team needs to submit the prototype on the HackerEarth platform. 
There are a few fields marked mandatory - PPT, Source Code. 
But apart from these two mandatory fields, you also need to make sure
that you submit everything with respect to your prototype on the 
platform. For example, if you have used GitHub, you can provide 
the GitHub link under the field name 'Repository Link' or 'Demo Link'.
If you have a video of your prototype demo, you can share that as well. 
It is better if you also provide the Instructions to Run your prototype. 
Submitting all the necessary details will help the Globalshala judges 
to look back at your submissions later to decide the winners. The PPT 
you submit can be elaborate in terms of the features of your prototype,
the back story (if you wish to explain), the future scope, the methodology
used etc. But the presentation time provided has to be used optimally, 
as described in the points below.
The submissions should be made on the platform by 10 PM on 6th Oct.
Each team will get 10 mins to present and 5 mins for QnA by the judges.
Do not exceed your 10 minutes presentation time.
Since this is the prototype round, you are expected to give a quick 
abstract on what your project is and directly begin the demo of your 
prototype. 
We will be running on strict timelines for each team and thus, spend 
your presentation time wisely. It is suggested that you practice the 
presentation with your teammates beforehand to avoid any last-minute
hassles.
If there is a lot of background noise from your end during the presentation,
please go on mute so that the judges can listen to your team members
presenting at that time.
The results will be announced a few days after the finale is over. 
We will update all teams via the hackathon page's overview section.
If any of your team members are going to be absent, please inform 
that in advance.